Coronavirus: the real story (part 1).

When you start researching and reading about what is going on with this “new” virus, you will be taken down a rabbit hole…

It might not be pretty, but you will see the truth.

I am planning to write more about it later this week.

Bill Gates is a known eugenicist. And he does not hide it!

He has claimed several times that we need to reduce the population on earth.

And he stated that vaccination is one tool to achieve just that!

Maybe that is why his children are not vaccinated…

Vaccination is an act of genocide, it is a eugenic tool used by the globalists.

Genocide is an intentional action to destroy a people in whole or in part.

That is what vaccines exactly do!

There is no conspiracy theory in what I am about to say. Everything is supported by facts, and you can verify yourself.

This eugenic program, which is vaccination, takes root in the Rockefeller and Bill Gates foundations.

Several lines of current immunological contraceptive research continue to seek what, during the 1930s, Max Mason of the Rockefeller Foundation called “anti-hormones”: vaccines to block hormones needed for very early pregnancy and a vaccine to block the hormone needed for the surface of the egg to function properly.

The Rockefeller Foundation launched massive funding-operations into anti-fertility vaccines, the Task Force on Vaccines for Fertility Regulation was created under auspices of the World Health Organization, World Bank, and the UN Population Fund. Its mission, according to one of its members, to support:

“basic and clinical research on the development of birth control vaccines directed against the gametes or the preimplantation embryo. These studies have involved the use of advanced procedures in peptide chemistry, hybridoma technology, and molecular genetics, as well as the evaluation of a number of novel approaches in general vaccinology. As a result of this international, collaborative effort, a prototype anti-HCG vaccine is now undergoing clinical testing, raising the prospect that a totally new family planning method may be available before the end of the current decade.”

In regards to the scope of the Task Force’s jurisdiction, the Biotechnology and Development Monitor reported:

“The Task Force acts as a global coordinating body for anti-fertility vaccine R&D in the various working groups and supports research on different approaches, such as anti-sperm and anti-ovum vaccines and vaccines designed to neutralize the biological functions of hCG. The Task Force has succeeded in developing a prototype of an anti-hCG-vaccine”

“If vaccines could be developed which could safely and effectively inhibit fertility, without producing unacceptable side effects, they would be an attractive addition to the present armamentarium of fertility regulating methods and would be likely to have a significant impact on family planning programs.”

Right there, they openly claim that they are doing some research on anti-fertility vaccines.

In 1986 Mr. Spieler, a member of the Task Force, declared:

“A new approach to fertility regulation is the development of vaccines directed against human substances required for reproduction. Potential candidates for immunological interference include reproductive hormones, ovum, and sperm antigens, and antigens derived from embryonic or fetal tissue. An antifertility vaccine must be capable of safely and effectively inhibiting a human substance, which would need somehow to be rendered antigenic. A fertility-regulating vaccine, moreover, would have to produce and sustain effective immunity in at least 95% of the vaccinated population, a level of protection rarely achieved even with the most successful viral and bacterial vaccines. But while these challenges looked insuperable just a few years ago, recent advances in biotechnology- particularly in the fields of molecular biology, genetic engineering, and monoclonal antibody production- are bringing antifertility vaccines into the realm of the feasible.”

Author Jurriaan Maessan stumbled upon some very compelling and important research back in 2010 while digging through annual reports for the Rockefeller Foundation that conclusively prove that it funded numerous research projects into the development “anti-fertility” vaccines, with its origins in scientific research dating back to at least 1968, and with successful research conducted by at least 1988. There now exists several methods to sterilize both men and women by injection, as well as to terminate pregnancies and/or induce spontaneous abortions.

The Rockefeller family, among others, financed Eugenics research at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute in Nazi Germany, where some of the most horrifying “scientific” research was conducted, including the work of Josef Mengele.

Following World War II, Eugenics was re-branded to cast off its associations with the Nazis, and emerged, as it were, in the form of such social policy topics as “population control,” “family planning,” abortion/Planned Parenthood, health care, various types of genetics, even laced in between such screeds as global warming/climate change, which leads to arguments about reducing the burden of over-population upon the earth.

Bill Gates and David Rockefeller were the leading members of a billionaires’ club that met in secret to discuss how to strengthen measures for population control, particularly in the developing world, through the guise of “philanthropy.” Other notable members include Ted Turner, George Soros, Warren Buffett, Oprah Winfrey, and Michael Bloomberg.

It sounds crazy, but here’s a paper to support these claims:

Anti-fertility vaccines published in Vaccine. 1989 Apr;7(2):97-101.
“Vaccines are under development for the control of fertility in males and females. This review discusses developments in anti-fertility vaccines at the National Institute of Immunology, New Delhi, India. A single injection procedure for the sterilization or castration of male animals depending on the site at which the injection is given has passed through field testing and is expected to be on the market in the near future. Vaccines inducing antibodies against the human chorionic gonadotropin have gone through phase I trials with satisfactory results. A vaccine producing a consistently bioeffective antibody response against gonadotropin-releasing hormone is ready for phase I/II clinical trials in patients of carcinoma of the prostate after due experimentation in animals and toxicology studies. Research to identify sperm antigens for incorporation into second-generation vaccines is in progress.”

“LDH-C4, a sperm-specific mitochondrial antigen, produced an antibody response in baboons and reduced fertility in the females. Animal fertility control vaccines will be shortly on the market, but the use of recombinant DNA techniques should also accelerate the development of others.”

Then, another article in Vaccine Wkly. 1995 May 29 – Jun 5:9-10.

“Tetanus vaccine may be laced with an anti-fertility drug. International / developing countries.”
A priest, president of Human Life International (HLI) based in Maryland, has asked Congress to investigate reports of women in some developing countries unknowingly receiving a tetanus vaccine laced with the anti-fertility drug human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG). If it is true, he wants Congress to publicly condemn the mass vaccinations and to cut off funding to UN agencies and other involved organizations.

The natural hormone hCG is needed to maintain pregnancy. The hormone would produce antibodies against hCG to prevent pregnancy. In the fall of 1994, the Pro-Life Committee of Mexico was suspicious of the protocols for the tetanus toxoid campaign because they excluded all males and children and called for multiple injections of the vaccine in only women of reproductive age.

Yet, one injection provides protection for at least 10 years. The Committee had vials of the tetanus vaccine analyzed for hCG. It informed HLI about the tetanus toxoid vaccine. HLI then told its World Council members and HLI affiliates in more than 60 countries. Similar tetanus vaccines laced with hCG have been uncovered in the Philippines and in Nicaragua.

In addition to the World Health Organization (WHO), other organizations involved in the development of an anti-fertility vaccine using hCG include the UN Population Fund, the UN Development Programme, the World Bank, the Population Council, the Rockefeller Foundation, the US National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, the All India Institute of Medical Sciences, and Uppsala, Helsinki, and Ohio State universities.

The priest objects that, if indeed the purpose of the mass vaccinations is to prevent pregnancies, women are uninformed, unsuspecting, and unconsenting victims.

The same story happened in Kenya.

In October 2014, the conference of Catholic bishops in Kenya released a statement regarding the tetanus vaccine program implemented under UN auspices.

The issue was subsequently addressed by Kenya’s Catholic Doctors Association. (see article below).

Published below are the following texts:

a recent review article pertaining to the 2014 findings of Kenya’s Catholic Doctors Association concerning the tetanus vaccine. No update is provided in this article with regard to Kenya.
the original 2014 statement by the Conference of Catholic Bishops.
the 2014 response by UNICEF and the WHO with regard to the tetanus vaccine.
May 23, 2019

According to LifeSiteNews, [November 2014] a Catholic publication, the Kenya Catholic Doctors Association is charging UNICEF and WHO with sterilizing millions of girls and women under cover of an anti-tetanus vaccination program sponsored by the Kenyan government.

The Kenya Catholic Doctors Association, however, saw evidence to the contrary and had six different samples of the tetanus vaccine from various locations around Kenya sent to an independent laboratory in South Africa for testing.

The results confirmed their worst fears: all six samples tested positive for the HCG antigen. The HCG antigen is used in anti-fertility vaccines but was found present in tetanus vaccines targeted to young girls and women of childbearing age. Dr. Ngare, a spokesman for the Kenya Catholic Doctors Association, stated in a bulletin released November 4:

“This proved right our worst fears; that this WHO campaign is not about eradicating neonatal tetanus but a well-coordinated forceful population control mass sterilization exercise using a proven fertility regulating vaccine. This evidence was presented to the Ministry of Health before the third round of immunization but was ignored.”

Dr. Ngare brought up several points about the mass tetanus vaccination program in Kenya that caused the Catholic doctors to become suspicious:

Dr. Ngare told said that several things alerted doctors in the Church’s far-flung medical system of 54 hospitals, 83 health centers, and 17 medical and nursing schools to the possibility the anti-tetanus campaign was secretly an anti-fertility campaign.

Why, they ask, does it involve an unprecedented five shots (or “jabs” as they are known, in Kenya) over more than two years and why is it applied only to women of childbearing years, and why is it being conducted without the usual fanfare of government publicity?

“Usually we give a series three shots over two to three years, we give it anyone who comes into the clinic with an open wound, men, women or children,” said Dr. Ngare.

But it is the five vaccination regime that is most alarming. “The only time tetanus vaccine has been given in five doses is when it is used as a carrier in fertility regulating vaccines laced with the pregnancy hormone, Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) developed by WHO in 1992.”

It should be noted that UNICEF and WHO distribute these vaccines for free and that there are financial incentives for the Kenyan government to participate in these programs. When funds from the UN are not enough to purchase yearly allotments of vaccines, an organization started and funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, GAVI, provides extra funding for many of these vaccination programs in poor countries.

UNICEF began a similar mass vaccination program with 500,000 doses of live oral polio vaccine in the Philippines after a Super Typhoon devastated Tacloban and surrounding areas. This was in spite of the fact there were no reported cases of polio in the Philippines since 1993, and people who have had the live polio vaccine can “shed” the virus into sewage systems, thereby causing the actual disease it is supposed to be preventing.

Very similar mass vaccination with the live oral polio vaccine occurred among Syrian refugees in 2013 when 1.7 million doses of polio vaccine were purchased by UNICEF, in spite of the fact that no cases of polio had been seen since 1999. After the mass vaccination program started, cases of polio began to reappear in Syria.

It seems quite apparent that UNICEF and WHO use these local disasters to mass vaccinate people, mainly children and young women. Massive education and propaganda efforts are also necessary to convince the local populations that they need these vaccines.

This dubious enterprise led to a massive vaccine initiative to vaccinate against relatively rare tetanus in The Philippines, Nicaragua, and Mexico. These vaccine vials, distributed by the WHO, were found to contain hCG, which, when combined with tetanus toxoid carrier, stimulated the formation of antibodies against human chorionic gonadotropin, rendering women incapable of maintaining a pregnancy and potentially inducing a covert, involuntary abortion. Population control under the cover of health care.

Closer to us, this article was recently published in J Toxicol Environ Health A. 2018;81(14):661-674:

“A lowered probability of pregnancy in females in the USA aged 25-29 who received a human papillomavirus vaccine injection.”
The authors state:

“Approximately 60% of women who did not receive the HPV vaccine had been pregnant at least once, whereas only 35% of women who were exposed to the vaccine had conceived. For married women, 75% who did not receive the shot were found to conceive, while only 50% who received the vaccine had ever been pregnant. Using logistic regression to analyze the data, the probability of having been pregnant was estimated for females who received an HPV vaccine compared with females who did not receive the shot. Results suggest that females who received the HPV shot were less likely to have ever been pregnant than women in the same age group who did not receive the shot. If 100% of females in this study had received the HPV vaccine, data suggest the number of women having ever conceived would have fallen by 2 million.”

Yes, 2 million!!

Then, in 2016, the American College of Pediatricians emitted a warning that the HPV vaccine leads to premature ovarian failure.

Have you seen this article:

“People with autism are ‘dying younger,’ warns a study.”


“Overall, people with ASD were 2.56 times more likely to have died during the study period than people without (odds ratio [OR] 2.56, 95% confidence interval [CI] 2.38 to 2.76). The average age of death for people with ASD was 53.87 years, compared with 70.2 years for people without.

These stark figures break down to give some even more worrying numbers. People with low-functioning ASD on average died before they reached 40, at 39.5 years.

Overall, people with low-functioning ASD had a higher risk of having died, a more than fivefold risk, compared with a twofold risk for people with high-functioning ASD.

Women with low-functioning ASD had the highest risk of any group, an eightfold higher risk of death than a woman the same age without ASD.

Apart from infections, people with ASD were more likely than those without to have died from any of the causes of death considered. However, the two causes that stand out are suicide and epilepsy.

People with ASD were 7.55 times more likely to die by suicide. People with high-functioning ASD were at greater risk of suicide than low-functioning groups, and – unusually, women were more at risk than men. In the general population, rates of suicide are 3.5 times higher in men compared with women.

Deaths as a result of nervous system disorders, primarily epilepsy – were 7.49 times higher among those with ASD, and people with low-functioning ASD were most at risk.”

Genocide. There’s no other word to explain it.

Most people living today, especially younger people, have no idea that a key agenda of globalism is the elimination of “undesirable” humans from the gene pool. They believe that ideas of “eugenics” and genocide were only carried out by the Nazis, not by American university professors and presidential science advisors.

So they have no grasp of the context in which Planned Parenthood, for example, operates today as a depopulation engine to eliminate blacks from society. (Planned Parenthood’s founder, Margaret Sanger, was a black-hating eugenicist whose ideas directly inspired the genocidal goals of the Third Reich.)

The New York Times article quotes Dr. Paul Ehrlich of Stanford University, a depopulation advocate, as well as President Richard Nixon’s chief science adviser, Dr. Lee DuBridge, who said that “population control should be the prime task of every government.”

In the article, Dr. Ehrlich laments the fact that biologists believe, “compulsory family regulation will be necessary to retard population growth.” In essence, he is arguing that the government should be in charge of reproductive rights, determining who is allowed to reproduce and who must be sterilized.

To achieve the sterilization goals, he “urged establishing a Federal Population Commission ‘with a large budget for propaganda,’” reports the New York Times. He also called for, “the addition of a temporary sterilant to staple food, or to the water supply” in order to cause mandatory infertility.

Dr. Barry Commoner of Washington University in St. Louis added to the discussion:

Can we not invent a way to reduce our population growth rate to zero? Every human institution, school, university, church, family, government, and international agencies such as Unesco, should set this as its prime task.

Most Americans have no awareness that this agenda is well underway. Flu shots, for example, are now scientifically confirmed to cause spontaneous abortions, a form of infertility and population control. This explains exactly why the CDC began pushing for flu shot vaccines during all three trimesters of gestation in expectant mothers.

Sperm viability is also plummeting across the modern world, according to dozens of published scientific studies. One such study, conducted by the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, found that sperm concentrations have plummeted more than 50 percent from 1973 to 2011.

In addition, more than 25% of couples are sterile. They will need to use IVF, for example, to get pregnant.

According to the abstract of this study, as reported in Science Daily:

These findings strongly suggest a significant decline in male reproductive health that has serious implications beyond fertility and reproduction, given recent evidence linking poor semen quality with a higher risk of hospitalization and death.

Covert vectors for depopulation that are being pursued right now

The depopulation goals from 1969 are in full force in America today. Some of the vectors for covert sterilization and depopulation now include:

Covert genetic modification of crops to grow RNA interference fragments that nullify male fertility in humans.

The continued use of toxic mercury and aluminum in vaccines in order to cause spontaneous abortions in pregnant women.

Planned Parenthood abortion centers that target minority communities for eugenics “cleansing” of the gene pool.

Inoculation of all vaccine recipients with hidden, cancer-causing viruses that are deliberately allowed to contaminate many vaccines. (See the SV40 Simian Virus fiasco affecting 98 million Americans via the polio vaccine.) (Also, read the book “Plague” by Judy Mikovitz.)

The planned, deliberate use of cancer-causing ingredients in popular food and water supplies.

Spiking public health vaccines with covert sterilization chemicals, exactly as has been confirmed in African vaccination campaigns that target young black women for sterilization without their knowledge or consent (see above).

If you do not know that mass sterilization efforts are underway right now to eliminate human fertility and drastically reduce the global population, then you are not yet well-versed on reality.

Even Bill Gates openly talks about achieving the correct amount of population reduction by using vaccines and other vectors, saying:

“The world today has 6.8 billion people… that’s headed up to about 9 billion. Now if we do a really great job on new vaccines, health care, reproductive health services, we could lower that by perhaps 10 or 15 percent.”

Legislators in thirteen states have introduced bills that would severely constrict or eliminate exemptions from compulsory vaccination, with the intended aim of coercing, cajoling, or forcing those who have not been vaccinated to become so. Those states are California (SB 277); Illinois (SB 1410); Maine (LD 606); Maryland (HB 687); Minnesota (SF 380 and HF 393); New Jersey (S 1147 and A351); New Mexico (HB 522); Oregon (SB 442); Pennsylvania; Rhode Island (S381); Texas (SB 1114; SB 538; HB 2006); Vermont (H212; S87); and Washington (HB 2009).

They are pushing their agenda full force.

This agenda may by what the 20th-century French philosopher Michel Foucault called biopolitics, where hyper-medicalization is used as a strategy by governments to control its population and not for the ostensible reason of providing healthcare services.

Given that today being infected with a novel form of influenza has been written into the law via executive order as a quantifiable “offense,” the medical and military models have merged to a point where one could theoretically be classified as a bioweapon/bioterrorist either by being determined infected by a particular pathogen or by refusing a vaccine designed to protect against it. 

See by yourself: https://georgewbush-whitehouse.archives.gov/news/releases/2005/04/20050401-6.html

One has to wonder if the absurdity of the pro-life/pro-vaccine hybrid is just an expression of the Zeitgeist we are now transiting through a period of the complete secularization of faith, such that Science has now become the centralizing and preempting God of all other belief systems, and by implication that there is only one Truth and one Way to apply it medically speaking.

The resultant medical monotheism requires absolute obedience to the absurd notion that there is only one way to define and treat the body. This, of course, makes biomedical interventions like vaccination and chemotherapy mandatory and marks the end of all personal choice and liberty.

After reading my 2 posts, there should not be any doubts in your mind that the vaccination program was designed by Satan. There is nothing good about it.

Certainly, God would never approve of this practice where babies are being killed, ever.

Isaiah 35:5

“Then the eyes of the blind will be opened and the ears of the deaf will be unstopped.”

Acts 26:18

“to open their eyes so that they may turn from darkness to light and from the dominion of Satan to God, that they may receive forgiveness of sins and an inheritance among those who have been sanctified by faith in Me”

2 Corinthians 3:16

“but whenever a person turns to the Lord, the veil is taken away.”

Let’s pray that the world sees the Light in the name of Jesus Christ, our savior.