BILL GATES: THINGS WON’T GO BACK TO NORMAL UNTIL THE ENTIRE WORLD HAS HIS VACCINE

TOPICS:Bill The Gate KeeperClash Of Interests Over The Coronavirus

POSTED BY: THE HEALING ORACLE TEAM 12TH APRIL 2020

Tweet
6
Pin
1
Share
643
650SHARES

So it would seem that the coronavirus plan is working extremely well. The Plandemic that Bill Gates predicted 5 years ago, is now playing out live on all screens across the planet. It is not enough that people are losing work and being crippled by the orchestrated lock down/house arrest, but it cannot end until the project is complete and we are all vaccinated as stated by the new world leader Mr Bill Gates.

Bill Gates joined “FOX News Sunday” host Chris Wallace yesterday to discuss his accurate prediction he made five years ago was that the deadliest event to face humanities future was not war, but a virus. “Not missiles but microbes” he stated.


Apparently he has been trying to prevent this, but if you invest in a vaccine company and a Microchip ID system, how can you appear to be in any way neutral, when the business driver appears to be working so well? He is a business man. This is a very lucrative business.

Bear in mind he would not give these vaccines to his own kids. This is his business, he understands the consequences and in amongst this noise, it was ruled in court that The CDC cannot deny vaccines cause autism.

According to American Truth Today, published in January this year, when all this began:

“Believe it or not, the coronavirus strain that’s currently spreading throughout China and abroad is a patented virus that’s owned by an entity called The Pirbright Institute, which is partially funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.

The patent page for coronavirus explains that it “may be used as a vaccine for treating and/or preventing a disease, such as infectious bronchitis, in a subject”… A close look at the patent page also shows that the Pirbright Institute owns all sorts of other virus patents, including one for African swine fever virus, which is listed as a “vaccine.”

The way this whole coronavirus situation is taking shape would seem to be exactly what Gates once proposed as a “solution” to the alleged problem of “overpopulation,” as he is now well known for saying in a previous Ted Talks and in many other places, for it would seem to have been a bit of a big thing for him, for how do we solve the problem of overpopulation he has mused this question for many years.

It’s easy these days to cut off any counter viewpoint as “conspiracy,” but follow the money trail and it often leads to the culprit, as well as to the boss. For the boss here is very much Mr Gates and his technocracy cronies.

His endless media appearances, are keeping him busy, this is his time to shine and show the world he was right.

Of course due to tax laws and corporate misconduct the guise of charity is a perfect cover and so hence the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation was born, for a donation from a charity is not seen as an investment. Even though charities are also businesses that make a fortune. They still have shareholders who want a profit not a loss.

Most people think small, Mr Gates thinks big. Of course. You don’t get to be the second richest man on the planet by playing Mr Nice Guy throughout your career, buying every decent start up and swallowing all your competition. Unless its in front of camera of course.

And doe Bill knows the power of the media?

According to Quartz, he said in 2017: “If anybody doesn’t think we need the media that’s a little scary.”

For he is a major investor and understands not only the need for acquiring media companies, but how the game really works, getting his message out in the traditional media world, as well as all the other platforms. He is a baby of the digital age and was fortunate enough to be able to pile a monopoly of media companies:

 “If anybody says we don’t need the media, that’s a little scary… this idea that everybody watched the same media, the media was completely neutral—we never really achieved that ideal… which is why having many media groups and reducing barriers to entry—which the digital technology has done—is a very good thing.”

Whilst this is polite board room speak for buy everyone, and controll the message. But he appears to be pleased with the way it is going and there is still more to be done, as he states that people should be “waking up to a new reality.”

Bill Gates, is not an elected official. As one of the wealthiest persons on the planet, he has influenced public health policy for decades, spanning the administration of several U.S. Presidents. This is not new to him. Trump is only here for a term or two. Gates has been at this for decades.

Nobody contributes more to the World Health Organization than Bill Gates does, either directly through his Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, or through other organizations and enterprises he funds.

The bulk of spending through the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation is for the development of vaccines. They are behind the Global Alliance for Vaccine and Immunization (GAVI) organization, which supplements what WHO spends on vaccine development.

He doesn’t need the US Senate, when he holds the keys to the entire world. He is richer and more powerful than most countries in the world, and he is accountable to nobody.

Event 201 briefing

Bill and Melinda Gates hosted “Event 201” back in October, described as a “high-level pandemic exercise” back in October with major business leaders and politicians, that involved discussions about how “public / private partnerships will be necessary during the response to a severe pandemic in order to diminish large-scale economic and societal consequences.”

Held in partnership with the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security and the World Economic Forum, this latest endeavor by Bill Gates is highly suspicious, to say the least, especially when considering that it was held just in time for the coronavirus outbreak.

Dr Fauci

So now, alongside his friend Dr Fauci, Bill appears pleased with the way things are going and the work Dr Fauci is doing. The work that he paid for, as they have an agreement. However private or public that may be, there is at least a ginormous conflict of interest here, if nothing else.

Fauci and Bill Gates
Dr. Fauci shaking hands with Bill Gates in 2018 at an NIH workshop

How can you have a top advisor that also works for a company that is set to reap huge rewards from the very advice he gives? How is this in any way impartial? How is that not insider trading?

It’s like having Ronald McDonald working for the food board, or the department of health. Or, does he already?

Dr Fauci was granted an eye watering sum to get this job done. This from the Patriots for Truth website March 6th entitled: CDC propagandist Anthony S. Fauci, MD received major funding from The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation—who also funded the Coronavirus patent holder The Pirbright Institute (UK)

Fauci just recently received $100 million grant from Gates. The Gates Foundation is also a major funder of The Pirbright Institute (UK) with DARPA, The Wellcome Trust (UK), DARPA, WHO, EU, DERA

The Pirbright Institute (UK) is the patentee of the CORONAVIRUS U.S. Pat. No. 10,130,701

Whilst a handful of brave doctors are coming out and questioning the numbers, most remain silent, like the rest of the world, they are fearful of losing their jobs.

How can we really be so sure that the Coronavirus is responsible for the deaths mentioned, when the tests are questionable and death certificates are being fudged?

Please watch this video where Montana physician Dr. Annie Bukacek discusses how COVID 19 death certificates are being manipulated. Dr. Bukacek is a long time Montana physician with over 30 years’ experience practicing medicine. Signing death certificates is a routine part of her job:



Dr Birx

Dr. Debra Birx, the other doctor on the White House Coronavirus Task Force, has worked with Dr. Fauci on HIV/AIDS research and vaccine development, and also has financial ties to Bill Gates.

According to Patrick Howley, writing for the National File, Dr. Birx discarded several proposed models for the Coronavirus outbreak and chose a single model funded by Bill Gates, via the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation (IHME). (Source.)

Bill Gates with Dr. Debra Birx
Bill Gates with Dr. Debra Birx

Howley also reports:

Deborah Birx Sits on the Board of The Global Fund, which is heavily funded by Bill Gates’ organizational network, as journalist Jordan Schactel discovered. The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation gave the Global Fund a $750 million promissory note in 2012.

The Global Fund explains, “The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation is a key partner of the Global Fund, providing cash contributions, actively participating on its board and committees, and supporting the Global Fund’s advocacy, communications and fundraising efforts. The Gates Foundation has contributed US$2.24 billion to the Global Fund to date, and pledged US$760 million for the Global Fund’s Sixth Replenishment, covering 2020-2022.”

ID2020 So lets look at The Gates Foundations other investments, sorry donations. As his planned ID2020 also comes into fruition in the year of its naming, which ties it all up nicely with a neat little bow.

The ID2020 Alliance combines vaccines with implantable microchips to create your digital ID. In a Reddit Q&A, Gates revealed his plan to use ‘digital certificates’ to identify those who have been tested for COVID-19:

Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates will launch human-implantable capsules that have ‘digital certificates’ which can show who has been tested for the coronavirus and who has been vaccinated against it.

Whilst the Gates Foundation has just offered a Grant to Cortellis, seemingly for this very thing, this from Bio World’s article entitled: Centre for Innovation in Regulatory Science Awarded a $1.09m Grant to Help Accelerate Registration of Medicines in Low and Middle Income Countries

London, UK.  March 9, 2020: The Centre for Innovation in Regulatory Science (CIRS), a “neutral and independent”, international member-based organisation headquartered in the UK, has been awarded a phase two grant of $1.09m by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation to continue their collaborative endeavours to expedite patient access to medicines in specific areas of greatest medical need in Low and Middle Income Countries (LMICs)*1.

For it is the Low to middle classes who are having the most children.

The grant has been awarded to CIRS for the purpose of ‘Tracking Regulatory Performance Metrics in Low and Middle Income Countries’

Whilst DNA Electronics has also earned a breakthrough device designation for Lidia-seq, also according to BioWorld:

DNA Electronics Ltd. (DNAe) won a U.S. FDA breakthrough device designation for its semiconductor-based DNA sequencing technology Lidia-seq and for the first assay based on the platform, which will detect bloodstream infections and antimicrobial resistance (AMR) genes at point of care.

The designation paves the way for clinical trials and will bolster work the company is doing to adapt the technology for the diagnosis of COVID-19 infections.

Meanwhile, DNAnudge Ltd., another company set up by DNAe’s founder Chris Toumazou, reported it has repurposed its consumer DNA device to detect COVID-19. The U.K. government has ordered 10,000 of its testing cartridges, which use optical technology to identify the coronavirus.

DNAe says Lidia-seq will bring genomic analysis into use at point of need. The entire process is automated, with all processing taking place in a single, hands-free cartridge. The compact device can be used by non-specialists.

“We can now go from raw specimen directly to actionable result, and have automated the entire process,” said Samuel Reed, president of DNAe. “Apart from [increased] accuracy, we can go rapidly from a sample and we can do it in a diversity of environments,” he told BioWorld.

Lidia-seq can identify pathogens and AMR markers in under three hours, allowing patients to receive targeted, rather than broad spectrum anti-infectives.

So whatever the register says about your DNA, it will decide what to inject in you!

Is it just me, or is that not pretty scary when we consider Bill Gates obsession with population control and reducing the number of children we go onto produce?

What’s to say these devices, or implants will not also mean there are less births? How will we as ordinary people know what these ingredients are?
How will we know that our children will not be unfertilised at this point?
How will we know any of it unless we at least consider the inherent dangers of a machine manipulating and altering our DNA.

Vaccines contain foreign DNA already
Vaccines cause autism already
Vaccines disrupt your immune system and turn it against you already
The article goes on to say:

“DNAe’s sequencing technology uses standard silicon chips to detect the hydrogen ions that are released when DNA or RNA bases pair with their opposite number. The signal registers as electrical impulses”

In November 2018, DNAe was the first to demonstrate it is possible to sequence the DNA of bacteria directly from an unprocessed blood sample. That completed the initial phase of a US$51.9 million contract with the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority and released $10.9 million for the development of the prototype device.

DNAe will benefit from the extra FDA input, Reed said. “We can have frequent and informal interactions, whereas the [conventional] process is more formal. It will help smooth the path,” he said.

Sure, so now we don’t even need approval to see what is actually happening to your DNA, or what is being pumped into your veins, as this is based on informal hidden technology?

Technology that can manipulate your very DNA. What better way to create the solution to the problem that is over population? Reduce the population and the people’s ability to decide anything for themselves via a piece of AI software? Control their reality.

And of course now, COVID-19 is the time, the reason, the foe that must be slayed:

In the face of the current pandemic, DNAe has been working to apply the technology to detecting SARS-CoV-19. “We are doing testing in-house with [Lidia-seq] with the coronavirus sequence, to show it could be directly applied,” Reed said.

The test, which uses a cheek swab, has now been converted to detect the RNA of SARS-CoV-19. The repurposed test, which delivers results in just over an hour, has been clinically validated in an initial trial in COVID-19 patients.

Reduce people’s fertility rates, life expectancy and movement… Problem solved? Scary stuff. But if everybody can get back to their old lives, break out of the prison that is their own home, then of course people will be queuing up for the vaccines and we can see this all being a very successful set of investments. Sorry, donations.

Source: Real Clear Politics, Cortellis

BioWorld

American Truth Today

Western Journal

Vaccine Impact