THE BEST WAYS TO PREVENT AND TREAT Co-vid19 (CORONA VIRUS)

TOPICS:Corona Virus VaccineCoronavirusCoVid19Wuhan Coronavirus (CoVid-19) Vaccine
Ways to treat the Coronavirus without the need for a vaccine
Ways to treat the Coronavirus without the need for a vaccine
POSTED BY: THE HEALING ORACLE TEAM 17TH MARCH 2020

Tweet
3
Pin
Share
267
270SHARES
We now understand the Co-vid19 (Corona virus) is a battle of the immune system. It is an outright attack on those with a compromised immune system. The British government has even taken the extraordinary stance that it’s now down to the immune system of the entire population. But could our genetic code also make all the difference here? Looking at the data it certainly looks that way, so please read and share this information as we give further tips on how to survive this terrible  man-made virus.

The novel Covid19 (Corona virus) is such an evil agenda. Depopulate the “drainers” on society like the elderly and immunocompromised, bring in the New World Order, 5G technology, digitize money and force through the Bio Patriot act for mandatory vaccinations world wide. But in amongst all this, there are ways to naturally treat this disease without risking your life on the imminent vaccines.

The flu death rate is overall 0.1% and the CoVid 19 is 3.6% world-wide. That’s a huge difference. For Italy the death rate is far higher and running at 6.2%. They have more ICU beds per person than the US, so what could be the difference here?

They say that within 14 days it is going to explode in the USA. Even though this virus was man-made and part of an evil agenda IT IS KILLING PEOPLE and we need to wake up.

We really wish we could have stopped it. I know some of us in the so called “alternative” world tried. But our message gets crushed and any views outside of the mainstream dismissed as quackery and conspiracy theories.

This has been carefully orchestrated and now it is here, the people want the vaccine, they want the magic pill that will make all this go away and of course that was all part of the plan. But as we have reported the vaccines could of course be worse than the virus itself, with trials on humans now starting.

The first American Coronavirus vaccine volunteer
The first American Coronavirus vaccine volunteer

So as to try and avoid this evil agenda, we would like to share with you some tips on staying healthy, boosting your immune system and potentially, hopefully saving some lives as well.

Panic and stress are also bad for the immune system. So get armed and stay well, knowledge is power. It’s time to take charge of your own health.

Death rates

The morbid predictions as we see it right now, are these for any one of these groups most at risk:
Cardiovascular disease – 10.5% chance of death 
Diabetes – 7.3% chance of death 
Chronic respiratory disease, cancer, or hypertension – 6% chance of death 
Over 65 – 15% chance of death 


Keep the elderly protected

It may sound mean, but this is a time for children to stay away from their grandparents. Many children are asymptomatic, that is they do not show symptoms, but are carriers. And so as yet another cruel twist to this evil virus is that children are unwittingly infecting their grandparents.

So to lower the infection rates, the advice is for all children under the age of 9 to stay away from their grandparents for a while and not even be in the same homes of people over the age of 60.

15% of the elderly that have Covid in Italy are now dead.

Italians and Iranians

We have personally spoken with MDs from Italy and Iran and the potentially link here is that Italians and Iranians share certain common genetic deformities.

Of the 50+ cases that popped up with CoVid19 in Louisiana, most were in the New Orleans area and of Italian decent. So maybe we will only see large death rates in Chicago, New York, New Orleans, New Jersey and Las Vegas, where we have large Italian communities?

So what is the shared genetic disorder? Well, it would seem that their IL-6 (Interleukin 6) and their ACE 2 genes seem to be impaired, is this the reason we are seeing such higher death rates in Italy and Iran?

Tocilizumab and ACE2 inhibitors

For anyone of Italian and Iranian descent that are likely to be suffering from an interleukin 6 impairment, then we recommend you have a Interleukin 6 blood test. This test is mainly used to test for the presence of Interleukin 6 but it is also used additionally as a diagnostic tool in the early detection of several health issues. Some of these are –

Autoimmune disorders
Leukemia
Sepsis
Diabetes
Cardiovascular diseases
Rheumatoid arthritis
Lupus
Many of which are the major watch out groups for the Coronavirus of course. If you test positive then you will need to take Actemra, also known as Tocolizumab* and ACE 2 inhibitors.

Actemra (tocilizumab) reduces the effects of a substance in the body that can cause inflammation. Actemra is used to treat moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis in adults, as well as giant cell arteritis, or inflammation of the lining of your arteries (blood vessels that carry blood from your heart to other parts of your body). It has also been used to treat severe, or life-threatening cytokine release syndrome (CRS) caused by an overactive immune response to certain types of blood cell treatments for cancer. And so has been seen as potentially a break through in treating the Coronavirus.

ACE 2 (Angiotensin Converting Enzyme) inhibitors

ACE inhibitors are a group of medicines that are mainly used to treat certain heart and kidney conditions; however, they may be used in the management of other conditions such as migraine and scleroderma.

They block the production of angiotensin II, a substance that narrows blood vessels and releases hormones such as aldosterone and norepinephrine, by inhibiting an enzyme called angiotensin converting enzyme. Angiotensin II, aldosterone, and norepinephrine all increase blood pressure and urine production by the kidneys. If levels of these three substances decrease in the body, this allows blood vessels to relax and dilate (widen), reducing both blood and kidney pressure.

ACE inhibitors also increase the production of bradykinin, another substance that makes blood vessels dilate.

So could these 2 drugs that have been used for other treatments be a break through? It certainly looks promising.

Vaccinated children

Another worrying factors is children who have been fully vaccinated could well be at risk. As this means their immune systems and DNA could well be altered due to this incredible load of toxins and DNA they have received via vaccines.

We have met with a 6-year-old boy who is a neighbour, who has no history of illness, but is fully vaccinated. He had a cytokine storm, went into seizures and is now paralyzed and on life support with suspected CoVid19. This is a worrying factor that no one is talking about.

As is well reported most of the people that get hospitalized are over 60, with their chance of death on average being around 15%. The others under 60 that are being hospitalized are usually diabetics, or suffering from cardiovascular disease.

Also, even if you show no symptoms, reports from China (we have family, friends and colleagues there) are now stating that even some of the people that were asymptomatic are now seeing scars occur on their heart and lungs.

Sodium Chlorite

One of the very first things we do with the sign of any developing virus is take Sodium Chlorite which you can get from Keavey’s corner.

Full spectrum Cannabis oil

Is also very useful for the immune system to take full spectrum cannabis oil

Please also see this section for more on Cannabis oil

Vitamin C

As there are a lot of reports of High dose Vitamin C being a break through with CoVid, we want to also warn people that its important to choose the right type of Vitamin C and get your genetics tested, via a simple blood test before taking this route.

Most of the molecular biologists we have spoken to are saying that Natural, organic, plant based vitamin C (ascorbate) is going to be the better way to treat the virus, than with synthetic GMO Ascorbic Acid.

Remember Notrodamus did not eradicate the black death in Europe with ascorbic acid. He did it with rose hips and rose petals.

High dose Vitamin C

Reports have stated that Vitamin C is being used to treat sufferers of the Coronavirus through IV. It’s no surprise of course that Vitamin C is being used, as we all know that in times of a cold or a flu, it is what we need.

Numerous processes in your immune system require Vitamin C to function at their optimal levels. The powerful nutrient supports antibodies, white blood cells, and your body’s natural defence system against pathogens.

Liposomal Vitamin C provides a powerful way to fortify the front lines of the immune system. 

The great news is that it’s surprisingly cheap & easy to make liposomal Vitamin C at home, which is 8 times more effective than I.V.

As the most effective way we have found of obtaining a high dose of Vitamin C is to make it at home. It’s cheap and easy with the right few bits of kit (see below) you can order from Amazon to get started.

Once you have these essential items you can make Liposomal Vitamin C for everyone and for a long time. So no need to rely on external sources, just make up a batch and keep it in your fridge. Each batch lasts about a week in the fridge.  

But first of all please also be aware of your genetics (see below).

So what’s so good about Liposomal Vitamin C?

Cardiologist and orthomolecular specialist Dr. Thomas Levy discovered exactly why the clinical results of this type of oral Vitamin C could increase the efficacy of vitamin C.

Dr. Levy has treated thousands of patients with IV Vitamin C and is seriously involved with orthomolecular (high dose vitamin treatment) medicine. He came to realize that the combination of vitamin C and essential phospholipids radically improved cellular bioavailability. In other words, it delivers straight to the cells where it is needed most.

Less than 20 percent of IV C actually makes it into the cells. But the Lypo-Spheric compound permits 90 percent of the Vitamin C to get into cells.

That’s because cell walls are made of fats. Vitamin C is water soluble and so dissolves in the blood and in the journey to the cells, making it less effective.

Tiny particles of Vitamin C coated with phospholipids create molecules of vitamin C coated with a substance similar to the cell wall itself. Thus those coated vitamin C molecules can slip into the cells easily.

The encapsulation also avoids the diarrhoea thresholds of normal oral Vitamin C which makes it ineffective.

Liposomal Vitamin C is also of course more accessible than IV C treatments. Meaning that you can make this at home without attending a clinic

Liposomal Vitamin C can also help fight cancer

See this article for more

How do I make Liposomal Vitamin C at home?

You will need:

An Ultrasonic cleaner Here is an example of the type you will need
A Non GMO Lecithin (such as this one)
Non GMO plant based vitamin C. Not Ascorbic acid.
Pure filtered water
Use an ultrasonic cleaner to make Liposomal Vitamin C
Use an ultrasonic cleaner to make Liposomal Vitamin C

Instructions:

Take one cup (250ml) of warm filtered water
2 tablespoons of(30ml) of pure Vitamin C
Mix them together in a jug
Take 10.5 tablespoons of Lecithin in 2 cups of pure filtered water stir these together in a separate jug
Pour this into a blender and blend for 45-60 seconds
Now add the Vitamin C mix and blend it for another 45-60seconds on a high speed
Pour this mix into the Ultrasonic cleaner and set it for 8 minutes
Keep stirring it during this process.
After 8 minutes the liposomal mix is now ready.
You can store this in your refrigerator for a week.
We recommend that you drink a glass of this everyday for a strong immune system boosting tonic. It has a strong eggnog taste that you get used to. It makes 900mg per ounce of Liposomal Vit C

Important note:

If you have active HFE H63D/C282Y/S65C and hereditary hemochromatosis, then do not take high dose vitamin C.

 

If you are of African, or middle eastern descent, then please get your G6PD and whole blood quantitive and iron panel checked before and after taking any high dose Vitamin C, or any IVC treatment.

They had a very deadly SNP (A single-nucleotide polymorphism) which is a variation in the DNA sequence that can occur at particular locations (pronounced “snips”) that means when given A, D E K and C in synthetic forms it causes major problems.

Ascorbic acid is lethal to most people with certain G6PD SNPs, HFE H63D, C282Y and S65C. The problem is that they may be fine, but large doses of Vitamin C can cause it to epigenetically express.
The HFE folks as long as they do not have cancer I also put them on benfotiamine. If you have cancer as well as HFE, then we recommend thiamine.

If you have HFE, and your ferritin is under 1500 then we recommend low dose Benfotiamine one cup of stinging nettle and dandelion root infused in the same cup daily for a week and 16.9 ounces of water a day.

In as little as one week sometimes 3 weeks all of their iron issues are resolved.  If ferritin is over 1500 I usually put them on a kettle of stinging nettle and dandelion and benfotiamine unless cancer thiamine and a litre of watt-ahh a day. Usually in less than a week it is resolved.
For HFE’s a good mineral supplement nothing ionic because the tea is diuretic unless there are renal issues.
For G6PD’s I also do the same but I DO NOT GIVE THEM VITAMIN B1. Most in G6PD deficiency have to do everything herbal.
Safer C’s for HFE’s and G6PD’s are things like Amla, Camu and Rose petal and sometimes rose hips.  But they should not take the dose all at once. And if they are in an active flare they should be drinking watt-ahh or all they are going to do is waste the Vitamin C.

Other ways we can protect ourselves against any virus

God gave us a perfectly capable immune system, so the best way to fight any of the external pathogens, including viruses, that we encounter on a daily basis (including the coronavirus), is by eating well, avoiding sugar and processed foods and getting as many nutrients inside us as possible. That includes drinking lots of water and getting Vitamin D from the sun. Staying indoors all the time will not help your immune system. We need daily exposure to the sun otherwise take Vitamin D with K2 supplements.

It is our immune systems that keep us protected from all viruses, pathogens and toxins. If your immune system is depleted, then you are sure to get sick in some way or another.

So let’s take care of it.

Anyone with a healthy lifestyle, a clean diet and strong immune system should be well equipped to cope with any virus. But if you are concerned about your own immune system then please read MD Fermin’s informative and thought provoking article, stating that the medical world has much to gain from embracing Immunotherapy, such as Genuine GcMaf.

We all have GcMAF in our bodies, as it is a naturally occurring protein. The likelihood is that if you are well and healthy, you have enough of it to fight off virus’s and pathogens. If on the other hand you are sick, or have been diagnosed with a serious condition, then your immune system is low and so your GcMAF is too.

No sugar

Another important factor is to limit the consumption of carbohydrates and refined sugars which impair the oral absorption of vitamin C.

Dr. John Ely, emeritus professor at the University of Washington, has also shown that sugar depletes vitamin C from white blood cells and makes them sluggish.

White blood cells are the very cells that attack viruses and tumor cells and destroy them.

Surgical masks are not enough

If you are travelling on a plane, or a train or going out in public then we recommend that you wear a gas mask. A surgical mask will not fully protect you from the viral particles.

Kratom has some good news

Dr. Thamrin Usman, a professor of chemistry at Tanjungpura University in Indonesia, recently gave an interview about “the diversity of tropical plants in West Kalimantan (that) have a lot of compounds that can strengthen the immune system and ward off coronavirus.” And one of the plants he mentioned that’s definitely worth noting is mitragyna speciosa, more popularly known as kratom.

This popular natural alternative to pain medications, which hails from the same plant family as coffee, contains a special compound known as chloroquine, or Cq, that research shows is powerfully combative against coronaviruses. There’s more than just one coronavirus in the world – just look at the label on a standard disinfectant spray bottle to see for yourself – and Cq could be a type of master key that protects against all of them.

“By looking at the chemical structure of chloroquine molecules that contain secondary and tertiary amine compound structures, it can be considered to use kratom leaves because mitragynine compounds in kratom are actually secondary and tertiary amines,” Dr. Usman is quoted as saying.

If you have trouble acquiring Kratom or Genuine GcMAF then, please get in touch with us  here

Other immune-boosting nutrients that Dr. Usman recommends in light of the Wuhan coronavirus (CoVid-19) crisis include vitamin C, which has a “warming” effect on the body in much the same way as ginger and other spices. He also points to virgin coconut oil as yet another powerful antiviral.”

“This material has been proven to boost the body’s immune system,” he says about all of these natural remedies.

According to Dr. Theron Hutton, MD, N-acetyl cysteine, selenium, spirulina, and high-dose glucosamine are all supplements of natural origin that have been scientifically shown to provide protection against RNA viruses like influenza and coronavirus.

In a paper entitled, “Nutraceuticals have potential for boosting the type 1 interferon response to RNA viruses including influenza and coronavirus,” researchers from the Catalytic Longevity Foundation and the Mid America Heart Institute at St. Luke’s Hospital found that these and other herb extractions such as elderberry possess symptomatically beneficial properties that can help to mediate the impact of infections such as coronavirus, which is definitely worth considering.

Please get in touch with us here

Sources: Healing Oracle, Drugs.com, Lybrate.com, NCBI, Livon labs,

*Interleukin 6 (IL-6), promptly and transiently produced in response to infections and tissue injuries, contributes to host defense through the stimulation of acute phase responses, hematopoiesis, and immune reactions.

Although its expression is strictly controlled by transcriptional and posttranscriptional mechanisms, dysregulated continual synthesis of IL-6 plays a pathological effect on chronic inflammation and autoimmunity.

For this reason, tocilizumab, a humanized anti-IL-6 receptor antibody was developed. Various clinical trials have since shown the exceptional efficacy of tocilizumab, which resulted in its approval for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and juvenile idiopathic arthritis.

Moreover, tocilizumab is expected to be effective for other intractable immune-mediated diseases. In this context, the mechanism for the continual synthesis of IL-6 needs to be elucidated to facilitate the development of more specific therapeutic approaches and analysis of the pathogenesis of specific diseases.