THE INTRODUCTION OF 5G, DIGITAL MICROCHIPS AND ENFORCED VACCINES ARE NOW GOING UNCHALLENGED THANKS TO THE CORONAVIRUS

TOPICS:5GDigital MicrochipEnforced Vaccines
the coronavirus has meant the introduction of a medical and technological military state that has become the will of the people
the coronavirus has meant the introduction of a medical and technological military state that has become the will of the people
POSTED BY: THE HEALING ORACLE TEAM 26TH MARCH 2020

Tweet
27
Pin
2
Share
10K
10KSHARES
Is this the month (March 2020) when the world changed forever? Maybe future generations will never know this date as the time our civil liberties died and this coordinated move to supress humanity succeeded on a global scale.

Who is going to fight this now?

Thanks to the 24-hour news stream of information about the coronavirus “pandemic”, we are now seeing the submissive subtle introduction of a military medical state that has become the will of the people.

Germ warfare would seem to be the victor. The people are now convinced.

Prisons are over run, so your home has become a prison. With many of us living in built up urban areas, have we somehow willingly paid for our own asylum?

First introduce the devil and then the angel (an untested vaccine) that protects you from the foe. It’s a phenomenal global chess move by the invisible elite.

Humanity is out of control… Or was. Maybe this is where the curve changes.

Either way, our world will probably never be the same again.

For whilst everyone is locked up indoors, hiding from an invisible virus, division lines have already been drawn. The fight is already over before it began.

We have now been made so wary of each other, no one talks face to face for fear of infection, families and friends have been separated as we “self isolate” and practice “social distancing.”

No need for heavy handed crowd control when suspicion is made the norm. For there is a far subtler silent killer in our midst and no one is to be trusted.

This globally simulated man made viral attack has ramped up over such a short period of time, that it has already led to what can only be seen as the beginning of the New World Order.

Mass demonstrations are a thing of the past, as now we fear each other.

Any organised protests against deploying new radiation emitting technology (call it 5G, call it whatever you want), digital ID chips and state enforced vaccines have been dealt with and crushed.

The noise of information we are bombarded with has meant no one knows the truth anymore. Probably including this article.

We now fear each other too much to even have a get together and a gossip, it’s all done via video links and remote access, we are being de-humanised, whilst the idea of gathering on the streets to protest is now widely accepted as a criminal act.

Herd the people in, get them indoors, get them home and keep them scared. Change the financial model, with industry ground to a halt, its our livelihoods that are also now under threat.

So introduce further control in the hope that it will return to us what we have lost. It shows just how flimsy our world is and how reliant we all are upon the system.

As we now enter an age where you can be fined, or beaten for even going out onto the streets, whilst everyone agrees you probably “deserved it”.

Mass electrification of our planet has in fact massively increased in the last 6 months. Radiation emitting satellites are already everywhere and soon they will be on every street corner. It’s no surprise that people will show more “flu-like symptoms” with this huge surge in radiation.

So of course a virus pandemic makes for a perfect scape goat.

We all carry radiation devices in our pockets. We wear it on our wrists, put it in our ears, we stare at it all day, sleep with it at night and use it to pay for everything we touch and eat.

These are water de-structuring devices that alter our heart rates. We are electrical beings; we are made up of water and energy. All of this damage to our cells makes our bodies sick.

The damaged cells build up in our sinuses and secrete as phlegm – it’s easy to mistake these as “flu-like symptoms.”

Bear in mind also that the side effects of radiation is infertility and need we say more.

The resulting increase in cancer will be kept as a mystery from the wider world and the slow down of the birth rate easily blamed on other factors, rather than the inevitable by-product of mass 5G technology.

Add to this the vaccines and it becomes a cataclysm of a health catastrophe.

Inject aluminium in people and they become electrical magnetic conductors.

5G towers are now being installed in schools and public places, while everyone stays at home, begging for a time when they can be released, get tested, get the vaccine and return to their old systemic way of life.

It’s both evil and genius.

But ultimately very scary.

And guess what? It’s all about to become legally binding too, as 5G will become protected by law with this terrifying new legislation going through Congress, as we speak: S.893 – Secure 5G and Beyond Act of 2020 Passed on 3rd March

The purpose of which is to “develop a strategy to secure and protect U.S. fifth and future generations (5G) systems and infrastructure.”

Such strategy shall

(1) ensure the security of 5G wireless communications systems and infrastructure within the United States;

(2) assist mutual defense treaty allies, strategic partners, and other countries in maximizing the security of 5G systems and infrastructure…

This is about to become a law!!

The Microchip society

The ID2020 Alliance combines vaccines with implantable microchips to create your digital ID. In a Reddit Q&A, billionaire philanthropist Bill Gates revealed his plan to use ‘digital certificates’ to identify those who have been tested for COVID-19:

Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates will launch human-implantable capsules that have ‘digital certificates’ which can show who has been tested for the coronavirus and who has been vaccinated against it.

The 64 year old “tech mogul” and most powerful medical figure on the planet, revealed this yesterday during a Reddit ‘Ask Me Anything’ session while answering questions on the COVID-19 Coronavirus Pandemic.

Gates was responding to a question on how businesses will be able to operate while maintaining social distancing, and said that, “Eventually we will have some digital certificates to show who has recovered or been tested recently or when we have a vaccine who has received it.”

The ‘digital certificates’ Gates was referring to are human-implantable ‘QUANTUM-DOT TATTOOS’ that researchers at MIT and Rice University are working on as a way to hold vaccination records. It was last year in December when scientists from the two universities revealed that they were working on these quantum-dot tattoos after Bill Gates approached them about solving the problem of identifying those who have not been vaccinated.

The quantum-dot tattoos involve applying dissolvable sugar-based microneedles that contain a vaccine and fluorescent copper-based ‘quantum dots’ embedded inside biocompatible, micron-scale capsules. After the microneedes dissolve under the skin, they leave the encapsulated quantum dots, whose patterns can be read to identify the vaccine that was administered.

The quantum-dot tattoos will likely be supplemented with Bill Gates’ other undertaking called ID2020, which is an ambitious project by Microsoft to solve the problem of over 1 billion people who live without an officially recognized identity. ID2020 is solving this through digital identity. Currently, the most feasible way of implementing digital identity is either through smartphones or RFID microchip implants. The latter will be Gates’s likely approach not only because of feasibility and sustainability, but also because for over 6 years, the Gates Foundation has been funding another project that incorporates human-implantable microchip implants. This project, also spearheaded by MIT, is a birth control microchip implant that will allow women to control contraceptive hormones in their bodies.

As for ID2020, to see it through, Microsoft has formed an alliance with four other companies, namely; Accenture, IDEO, Gavi, and the Rockefeller Foundation.

The project is supported by the United Nations and has been incorporated into the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals initiative.

But, on the other hand, this is Bill Gates’ perfect opportunity to see the projects through because as the coronavirus continues to spread and more people continue to die from the pandemic, the public at large is becoming more open to problem-solving technologies that will contain the spread of the virus.

Last year in November, a Denmark-based tech company which had contracts to produce microchip implants for the Danish Government and the US Navy, had to cancel the launch of its supposedly “revolutionary” Internet-of-Things powered microchip implant after Christian activists attacked its offices in Copenhagen.

Back in 2018 an article by Jay Greenberg, in Neon Nettle, described how Bill Gates had developed a new microchip, along with researchers at MIT, that will allow for adjustments to be made to a person’s hormone levels via remote control, in a bid to reduce the planet’s population.

The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has been working in conjunction with a small Massachusetts startup to develop the “digital pill” that will enable women’s fertility to be switched on or off, remotely, with the touch of a button.

The new “digital version of the contraceptive” pill will be tested in Africa this year where the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has spent years developing vaccination and family planning programs.

Following testing, the microchips are due to be rolled out globally in 2018 with “every woman in America” replacing their regular contraceptive pill with the new remote-controlled chips, according to Gates.

According to Forbes:

A TED Talk by Gates from 2015 recently emerged called “The Next Outbreak? We’re Not Ready,” given during the Ebola epidemic, but as the White House administration faces criticism for not reacting quick enough, Gates reiterated that, “We did know it would happen at some point, either with a flu or some other respiratory virus…There was almost no funding.”
Following the eventual end of the pandemic, Gates hopes that countries can work together to better prepare for similar situations, including the “need to have the ability to scale up diagnostics, drugs and vaccines very rapidly…the technologies exist to do this well if the right investments are made”; the $100 million his and his wife Melinda’s Gates Foundation donated to fight the coronavirus is focused on those three areas.
Dr. Anthony Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, this week said that mass production of a vaccine would likely not occur for another 12-18 months, and Gates concurred, saying that lots of manufacturing will need to be built to provide “billions of vaccines to protect the world” and that the first vaccines, which would “go to healthcare workers and critical workers…could happen before 18 months if everything goes well, but we and Fauci and others are being careful not to promise this when we are not sure.”
Gates called for a “national tracking system similar to South Korea, saying that “in Seattle, the [University of Washington] is providing thousands of tests per day but no one is connected to a national tracking system” and that “Whenever there is a positive test it should be seen to understand where the disease is and whether we need to strengthen the social distancing.”
He also stated: “My retiring from public boards was not related to the epidemic but it does reinforce my decision to focus on the work of the foundation including it’s work to help with the epidemic.”

So fast forward to now and watch this video as this unnamed man announces the microchip vaccine. He says:

“The military are in place… With mandated vaccines in the State of Oklahoma to vaccinate everyone in that state, there will be “no free travel without proof that certain levels of the population have the vaccines.”

With plans that include road blocks and blockades to hold people that prove they have the vaccine.

Metal bracelets that contain the chip, with your information.

“They either kill you with the injection, or you refuse to take it… get taken away and be incarcerated.”



I’m sure we have all seen law enforcement brutality across the world now, as in this video today in Ecuador, the man is beaten with batons and told to say he will not go out on the streets again, another scape goat to show the civilians what happens if you break the curfew.



Now also watch this video from a Secret Service personnel, who spells it out. Stating: “No matter if you have a flu like symptom, do not take any vaccines… If you take the vaccine, the corona virus is in the vaccine.

We are in the middle of a revolution.

This is an Intelligence Operation.

It began in 2011 to over throw this government and to stop many things happening around the world.

Implement a Pandemic that would panic the world… Get people sick. They set off 5G in the area which set off flu like Symptoms where they were given the Corona Virus vaccines, so that they died in the street with the cameras ready.

So you could see it…. Even celebrities were claimed to have the virus. They were simply used as a set up. Tom Hanks did not get the Corona Virus.



The Coronavirus Bill in the UK

Further alarming news for British citizens today is the Coronavirus Bill that is going largely unchallenged through the House of Commons.

IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR ALL IN THE UK RE. NEW DACONIAN LAWS BEING DRAWN UP AS A CONSEQUENCE OF THE COVID-19 PSYOP “TODAY The emergency Coronavirus Bill will be rushed through as law. Today sees the 2nd reading, if passed it will immediately proceed to 3rd and on.

It contains the most draconian powers ever proposed in peace-time Britain. It will be rushed through Parliament and the powers will last two years. The powers will affect your freedom and take away your rights.

Forced detention and isolation can be of anyone, including children, and for any amount of time. Authorities can FORCEABLY take biological samples from your body. There’s no clear access to legal rights from as-yet unidentified isolation facilities.

Powers last up to 2.5 years Lockdown powers could prevent protests against measures. State surveillance safeguards weakened. Protections from forced detainment and treatment under Mental Health Act lowered.

Cremations can be enforced against personal and religious wishes.

Changes to the court system.

Registration of deaths.

No inquests into suspicious deaths!

No requirement for any medical certification for burials or cremations!

It also indemnifies the health service should they fail for what ever reason to provide care.

The most frightening part. Only one medical ‘officer’ is required to sign off COMPULSORY TREATMENT ORDER which means… in the real world you can be forced to accept medication. Or held down and injected with whatever is seen fit. THAT is the biggest and worst threat to your own freedoms. Schedule8 Pt1.

Local Authorities will now be exempted from compliance with their duties under The Care Act 2014. Schedule 11.

The BBC wont be telling you that bit. So, if someone dies in police custody or any type of custody they can simply dispose of the body without any paperwork, medical exam, or certification, or inquest. Forget what that box in the corner of your room is ‘programming’ you with.

Get the facts. I’m still wading through the rest. This is a terrible day for freedoms.”

Sources: Facebook various, BioHackinfo.com, The Sleuth Journal, Forbes