Did Bill Gates & World Economic Forum Predict Coronavirus Outbreak? Will There be an Internet Blackout to Control Information?

The Coronavirus outbreak in China now dominates worldwide news media outlets.

Spiro Skouras released a video yesterday (Jan. 25, 2020) reporting on a 5 hour simulation that was conducted in October of 2019: Event 201.

It was hosted by the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security in partnership with the World Economic Forum and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.

The simulation is eerily similar to what is happening right now with the Coronavirus outbreak. Will world health authorities now take action as is predicted in this simulation, and try to control the narrative of the outbreak by cutting off access to the Internet, or forcing social media companies to only allow the information they want the public to receive?

Health Impact News is part of the independent alternative media, and sites like ours may soon be blocked from reporting on this emerging worldwide health crisis if this simulation is accurately predicting just how these events are about to unfold.

The mainstream media watch-dogs have labeled Health Impact News as “Fake” news, even when we report on vaccine injuries and deaths using the government’s own data. See:

Self-Appointed Internet Police Declare MedicalKidnap.com and DOJ Vaccine Court Reports Fake News
Facebook Censors Trending Vitamin D Story to Protect Flu Vaccines Using Former CNN Reporter
Did Bill Gates & World Economic Forum Predict Coronavirus Outbreak? An Inside Look May Shock You!

by Spiro Skouras

In this report we take an inside look at Event 201, which took place in NYC on October 18 2019. Event 201 is a high-level pandemic exercise hosted by the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security in partnership with the World Economic Forum and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.

This is extremely fascinating because this pandemic simulation exercise of coronavirus took place about 6 weeks before the first illness from the coronavirus was actually reported in Wuhan China!

That is one hell of a coincidence if you believe in that sort of thing. Another fascinating connection, is the fact that not only did the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation participate in and help set up the pandemic simulation of a coronavirus outbreak, but they just so happen to fund the group who owns the patent to the deadly coronavirus and are already working on a vaccine to solve the current crisis. Again an incredible coincidence…

In this report you will see footage from inside the event as the members of the emergency epidemic board in this simulation, which consists of representatives from major banks, the UN, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, Johnson and Johnson, logistical powerhouses, the media as well as officials from China and America’s CDC just to name a few.

This simulation also includes news reports that were fabricated just for this exercise, please keep that in mind because they are eerily similar to reports we are currently seeing regarding this real world coronavirus outbreak.

Links:

Event 201
http://www.centerforhealthsecurity.org/event201/players/index.html

Center for health security (Videos)
https://www.youtube.com/user/biosecur…

Leading US health experts predicted coronavirus could kill 65million people in a year – in chilling warning three months BEFORE the outbreak in China
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/ar…

The Real Umbrella Corp: Wuhan Ultra Biohazard Lab Was Studying “The World’s Most Dangerous Pathogens”
https://www.zerohedge.com/economics/r…

56 Million Chinese On Lockdown As Virus Spreads To Australia, Malaysia
https://www.zerohedge.com/political/5…

China Suddenly Increases Death Toll By Over 60% As Virus Jumps To Europe
https://www.zerohedge.com/geopolitica…

With Wuhan virus genetic code in hand, scientists begin work on a vaccine
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-ch…

China built a lab to study SARS and Ebola in Wuhan – and US biosafety experts warned in 2017 that a virus could ‘escape’ the facility that’s become key in fighting the outbreak
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/ar…

BILL AND MELINDA GATES FOUNDATION & OTHERS PREDICTED UP TO 65 MILLION DEATHS VIA CORONAVIRUS – IN SIMULATION RAN 3 MONTHS AGO!
https://www.infowars.com/bill-and-mel…

Source.